Document how to enable languages from `app_settings.json` (#1073)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/reference/app-settings/_index.md

| app_url                          | The URL of the app, eg: "https://demo.app.medicmobile.org"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | | 3.10.0  |
| task_days_overdue                | Display number of overdue days in tasks list                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | false | 3.13.0  |

> | languages                        | Array of objects with `locale` and `enabled` properties representing respectively the 2 or 3 letter language code and whether that language should be enabled.  <br/>If unset it falls back to the previous behavior of relying on the `enabled` property of each translation document `messages-XX.properties`. This fallback behavior will be deprecated and this property will be required starting with the next major version 5.0. | | 4.2.0   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| languages                        | Array of objects with `locale` and `enabled` properties representing respectively the 2 or 3 letter language code and whether that language should be enabled.  <br/>If unset it falls back to the previous behavior of relying on the `enabled` property of each translation document `messages-XX.properties`. This fallback behavior is now deprecated and will be removed in the next major version (5.0). This `languages` configuration property will be required for CHT 5.0+. | | 4.2.0   |
```

Minor, but I think the `enabled` in the translation documents is considered "deprecated" _now_ (since it has been superseded by a new go-forward config).  Then, in `5.0` it will be "removed".
